When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
    Using a remote repository enables you and others to have access to the work anywhere from any device as long as there is an internet connection.
    
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
	There may be other contributors that are making changes on the public branch (remote repository) that you may not want to yet add to your master (local) branch.  If Git automatically updated the local work could get lost, duplicated, or worse create conflicts difficult to fix.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
	Fork is GitHub's name for cloning a repository within their servers or domain. Create a clone of someone else's repository into your own for example by using the Fork option.
	Cloning is copying an entire repository to another local or someone elses.
	Branching is creating a new line of commits that is not created on the original.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
	Being in sync with your remote gives you a known point of departure if work will be done locally or others or contributing to the remote.  You'll know what changes will need to be reviewed and merged if desired.  I struggled with the quiz about reachability of b and a branches but I think I finally got it after the last explanation.  Trace the parents of b all the way back to the original commit and if you don't cross the "a" commit than it is unreachable.

	
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
	To collaborate without using Git or Github I would have to send a copy of my files to someone else to edit and they would have to send back their changes to me.  I would then have to look through each one and copy/paste or somehow combine the changes.  This complexity would increase as more people wanted to collaborate.
	One way it would be easier is that I wouldn't have to use Git or GitHub, but these tools allow for an organized and orderly way to share, review, and combine changes from many people.

	